Your means of sowing discord are too low-level
If you hadn't been pregnant with his child
Can he marry you?
What do you think?
Shut up, I think you're dizzy
You are the only one who can be my wife
I believe you.
Nan, wait for me.
What are you doing here?
Brother Nan, I still have something to say to you
Let's make up.
Dig in front of me
Are you impatient?
Templar, you go to drive first
It's time for me to make an appointment with him
If you dare to sit with Nan Ge
Don't even want his hand
dare not
I admit that his wife is more capable than me
So what?
He hid his identity from you
You will be bullied if you follow him.
I really want to block him to death
you
Ok what are you hitting me for
If you hit me to make you happy, hit me
From now on, you say a word and I'll slap you
You really hit
The first sentence is crazy
I will never appear in front of you again
Honey, don't be angry, okay?
I didn't mean to ask about you.